Fix 'opam init' and 'opam init --reinit' when the `jobs` variable has been set in the opamrc or the current config (#5056)
ocaml/opam: master_changes.md

## Init
  * Run the sandbox check in the temporary directory [#4787 @dra27 - fix #4783]

>   * [BUG] Fix config update with init config [#5056 @rjbou]

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  * [BUG] Fix `opam init` and `opam init --reinit` when the `jobs` variable has been set in the opamrc or the current config. [#5056 @rjbou]
```
(if i understand correctly)
The current PR title/changelog entry is confusing and vague, and I had to look at the code to understand what the bug fix was about. It would be nice if the title were to deliver that information directly.
